feat: make auth token staleness and duration configurable (#777)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/configuration/controller.mdx

bind a publicly accessible IP to a NIC on the host directly, such as an Amazon
EIP.

> - `auth_token_time_to_live` - Maximum time to live (TTL) for all auth tokens globally (pertains
> to all tokens from all auth methods). Valid time units are anything specified by Golang's 
> [ParseDuration()](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) method. Default is 7 days.
> - `auth_token_time_to_stale` - Maximum time of inactivity for all auth tokens globally (pertains
> to all tokens from all auth methods). Valid time units are anything specified by Golang's 
> [ParseDuration()](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) method. Default is 1 day.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `auth_token_time_to_live` - Maximum time to live (TTL) for all auth tokens globally (pertains
to all tokens from all auth methods). Valid time units are an integer number of seconds or a string specified by Golang's 
[ParseDuration()](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) method. Default is 7 days.
- `auth_token_time_to_stale` - Maximum time of inactivity for all auth tokens globally (pertains
to all tokens from all auth methods). Valid time units are an integer number of seconds, or a string specified by Golang's 
[ParseDuration()](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) method. Default is 1 day.

```
